Navigation bar on top-
Bootstrapper foundation css for automatic website resizability

Homepage:
  Greeting: “Hi, welcome to Cornell Computer Animation Club. We’re a group of 
    Cornell students who meet weekly to learn animation techniques and create 
   our own projects.”
  Next Meeting: Stub: “Wednesdays Upson B7 Lab. Art crew and tech crew are 
    both in B7. Fridays 5pm, Finding Nemo”
  Announcements (ex: t-shirt design, etc.)
  Slideshow- 

About Page:
 Use Facebook mission statement
  “Every week we meet for an hour. Our club is split up into two crews, a tech
     crew and an art crew. Both meetings happen at the same time and place. 
     The tech crew focuses on 3d modeling and computer animation, and the art
     crew works on character design, storyboarding, and concept art.”

Contact:
 For more information about the club or specific questions, email 
   cornellca@gmail.com
 Click this link to join our listserve.
 Officer emails: 
  kly24@cornell.edu Kelly Yu, President
  kag278@cornell.edu Kyle Genova, Vice President
  cg447@cornell.edu Christine Geeng, Treasurer
  kkj9@cornell.edu Kelvin Jin, Secretary

Meetings:
  Short Description: Wednesdays we meet in Upson B7 Lab, Fridays Olin 165
  Calendar below, with times which shows the meetings and topics as well as 
  movies and which movie will be shown.

Showcase:
  Stub: Description of what we will put there/meeting pictures and art
  
FAQ:
  When do we meet? 
    Wednesdays 7:00pm, Upson B7 (regular meetings) and 
    Fridays 5:00pm, Olin 165 (movie showings)
  What do I have to do to join?
    Just show up to a meeting!
  I don't any previous animation experience. Is that okay?
    Yes! Our weekly lessons don't require any previous knowledge.
    We also have officers available at lessons who can get you caught up if
    needed.
  I have previous animation experience. Is that okay too?
    Yes! We have resources and lessons accessible to members with more
    experience.
  I'd like to be on both the art and tech crews. Can I do that?
    (See response in get_involved_description.txt)
  What if I can't make every meeting?
    That's fine, we have a lesson archive on our site so you don't have to
    fall behind from missing a lesson.
  What if I can't art? 
    We have members who can help teach you the basics, and you can 
    alternatively join the tech crew, which doesn't require the ability to
    draw.
  What sort of resources does the club have access to?  
    We have a budget provided by the SAFC every year which allows us to 
    buy lesson memberships, art books, and other useful art assets.
  Which animation software do we use?
    We primarily use Maya, but many of our members have used Blender in the 
    past. The lab computers we use also have access to Adobe CS6. 
  I want to partner with you guys for a project. What should I do? 
   Send us an email at cornellanimation@gmail.com

Lessons:
  Two columns: 1 for the lesson pdfs, 1 for the zipped asset files.
  If the art team would like downloads, it can go in a separate section below.
