[meeting info]




How do I become a member of Cornell Computer Animation?

Show up to a meeting! It's that easy.



Should I join?

If you have an interest in learning how animation is produced, then yes!



What if I've never animated before?

You're not alone. Last year, an estimated 75% of our members had never animated before.
We all start somewhere, and you're in good hands.
Anyone and Everyone can learn how to animate :)



What if I can't make Wednesdays?

Go over to [polls] and put in a schedule conflict notice.
You'll be prompted to suggest alternate times.
If a good percentage of the club can't make Wednesdays, we will reschedule.

(maybe...promises are iffy)
If worst comes to worst and you can't make the club time, we may set you up with another student to 
partner up with so you don't get left behind. Also, our officers may have time certain weeks to meet up 
with individual students.



What if I want to switch crews?

Being part of a crew is noncommittal. You could switch crews every other week if you wanted to.
We suggest though, based on what we've done, that after the first month you stick with a crew, just so 
you can get the  most out of one, rather getting a bit out of both.



what are these Friday movie showings?

Every Friday we hold movie showings at 5pm in Olin 165 Auditorium. In the past we've watched (...). It's a great way
to unwind after a long week of being a student at busy Cornell and chilling with cool people. Afterwards we also tend
to grab dinner on West. Invite your friends!



(could we make this a thing?)
what is Show and Pitch?

twice a semester, we have a special Wednesday/Friday set aside to celebrate student work. starting 2 weeks prior, we have signups
for time slots for a 30-60 minute student showcase. This is a great way to practice giving your pitch to a large crowd, explaining a story concept,
showing your finished or in-progress animations, and much more.



What's the time commitment?
Our regular Wednesday meetings are one hour a week. The basic time commitment is very low. 
However, if you want to get more involved, there are endless opportunities for that. 
(Want to help maintain the website? Take pictures of meetings? Update the library? Work on the website back-end?
Reserve and borrow movies for Fridays? reserve seats for Finding Dory? buy Toothless stuffies for everyone? reserve rooms?
sacrifice printer cash for club meetings?)



I don't have the time! :'(
To help you out, we have all lesson documents on this website, so you can always catch up when you're more free. Later on
we may even add video tutorials for you guys.



(should this even be included)
I checked out the club...it's not for me.
We're sorry to see you go. If you've got an ounce of time left, could you please fill out this [survey link] as to what we could work on?
We appreciate it so much!






